Locally contractible initial PR (#1722)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000871.md

---
uid: T000871
if:
  P000225: true
then:
  P000232: true
---

> If $V$ is contractible in $U$, then any map $Y \to V$ is null-homotopic in $U$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If $V$ is contractible in $U$, then any map $S^n \to V$ is null-homotopic in $U$.
```
to make clearer what we are trying to do

Author: I kind of like having the general fact since (1) it's nice (2) nobody will wonder if some facts about S^n come into the proof of T871. How about instead:

> If $V$ is contractible in $U$, then any map $Y \to V$ is null-homotopic in $U$. Let $Y = S^0, S^1$.

(Feel free to double down against this, especially if I'm not seeing something you don't like about this.)

Reviewer: writing a separate suggestion

> If $V$ is contractible in $U$, then any map $Y \to V$ is null-homotopic in $U$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If $V$ is contractible in $U$, any map $Y \to V$ is null-homotopic in $U$.
Apply this to $Y=S^0, S^1$.
```
